[DOCS] Update readme (unify testing, ci, monitoring) (#2577)
deepchecks/deepchecks: README.md

   </picture>
</a>

<p align="center">
   &emsp;
   <a href="https://www.deepchecks.com/slack">👋 Join Slack</a>
   &emsp; | &emsp; 
   <a href="https://docs.deepchecks.com/?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=readme&utm_content=top_links">📖 Documentation</a>
   &emsp; | &emsp; 
   <a href="https://deepchecks.com/blog/?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=readme&utm_content=top_links">🌐 Blog</a>
   &emsp; | &emsp;  
   <a href="https://twitter.com/deepchecks">🐦 Twitter</a>
   &emsp;
</p>
   

<!---
## 🧐 What is Deepchecks?
--->
## 🧮 How does it work?

At its core, Deepchecks includes a wide variety of built-in Checks,
for testing all types of data and model related issues.
These checks are implemented fo various models and data types (Tabular, NLP, Vision), 
and can easily be customized and expanded. 

The check results can be used for automatically making informed decisions
regarding your model's production-readiness, and for monitoring it over time when in production.
They can be examined with visual reports (by saving them to an HTML file, or seeing them in Jupyter),

> processed with code (using their json output), and inspected and collaborated upon with a Deepchecks' dynamic UI 

Author: just wanted to make it clear that it's not just a "prettier than the plotly + widgets UI" and static
but rather that it's something that's allows further inspection / investigation, and doing some active stuff...
Hinting that it enables RCA also without code etc.
Do you think that it's better to drop it / have a suggestion for a better (and still quite short and concise) phrasing that'll hint that?

(for examining test results and for production monitoring).

> <!---

Author: no real reason, commented out just in case I'd receive comment to elaborate that part
(and because the commit history will be squashed)

- **CI & Testing Management**
  ([docs](https://docs.deepchecks.com/stable/general/usage/ci_cd.html?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=readme&utm_content=components)):
  - Collaborating over test results and efficient iterations until 
  model is production-ready and can be deployed (open source & managed offering). [Quickstart](#---------deepchecks-ci--testing-management-quickstart------)
- **Deepchecks Monitoring**
  ([docs](https://docs.deepchecks.com/monitoring/stable/?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=readme&utm_content=components)): 
  - Tracking your deployed models behavior when in production (open source & managed offering). [ Quickstart](#---------deepchecks-monitoring-quickstart------)

This repo is our main repo as all components use the deepchecks checks in their core. See the [Getting Started](#--getting-started) section for more information about installation and quickstarts for each of the components.
If you want to see deepchecks monitoring's code, you can check out the 
files in the [deepchecks/monitoring](https://github.com/deepchecks/monitoring) repo.

<details close>
   <summary>
      <h2>

>          ✅ Deepchecks Checks

Reviewer: Also the package we're talking about in this part is actually "deepchecks" lower caps...

>          ✅ Deepchecks Checks

Author: How about the new title?

      </h2>
   </summary>

- Each check tests for a specific potential problem. Deepchecks has many preimplemented checks for
  finding issues with the model's performance (e.g. identifying weak segments), 
  data distribution (e.g. detect drifts or leakages) and data integrity (e.g. find conflicting labels).
- Customizable: each check has many configurable parameters, and custom checks can easily be implemented.
- Can be run manually (during research) or triggered automatically (in CI processes or production monitoring)
- Check results can be consumed by: 
   - [Saving to HTML](https://docs.deepchecks.com/stable/general/usage/export_save_results.html) or [viewing](https://docs.deepchecks.com/stable/general/usage/showing_results.html) in Jupyter - for visual output for human analysis

>    - [JSON output](https://docs.deepchecks.com/stable/general/usage/export_save_results.html) - for processing with code

Reviewer: Programmatic output (result.value) is the best option if you're working with deepchecks from python.

   - Deepchecks' UI - for dynamic inspection and collaboration (of test results and production monitoring)
- Optional conditions can be added and customized, to automatically validate check results,
  with a a pass ✓, fail ✖ or warning ! status
- An ordered list of checks (with optional conditions) can be run together in a "Suite"
  (and the output is a concluding report of all checks that ran)

</details>

<!---
These checks can be run manually (e.g. during research) or automatically triggered (with CI processes or in scheduled runs for production monitoring).
The check's results can be examined with visual reports (by saving them to an HTML file, or seeing them in Jupyter),
processed with code (using their json output), and inspected and colloaborated upon with a dynamic UI 
(for examining test results and for production monitoring).
Optional conditions can be added to each check, to automatically validate whether it passed or not.
--->

## ⏩  Getting Started

<details close>
   <summary>
      <h3>
         💻 Installation
      </h3>
   </summary>

#### Deepchecks Testing (and CI) Installation

```bash
pip install deepchecks -U --user
```

> For installing also the nlp submodle, replace ``deepchecks`` with ``"deepchecks[vision]"``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For installing also the nlp submodle, replace ``deepchecks`` with ``"deepchecks[nlp]"``
```

Reviewer: Maybe note also the nlp-properties thing? Not a must

> For installing also the nlp submodle, replace ``deepchecks`` with ``"deepchecks[vision]"``

Reviewer: This maybe should be a bullet list?

> and for installing it with the computer vision submodule, replace it with ``"deepchecks[nlp]"``. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and for installing it with the computer vision submodule, replace it with ``"deepchecks[vision]"``. 
```

For installing with conda, similarly use: ``conda install -c conda-forge deepchecks``.

Check out the full installation instructions for deepchecks testing [here](https://docs.deepchecks.com/stable/getting-started/installation.html).

#### Deepchecks Monitoring Installation

If you're using deepchecks also for production monitoring,

> you can deploy a hobby instance in one line on Linux/MacOS (Windows is WIP!) with Docker:

Reviewer: what is a hobby instance?

Author: hinting that it's not "production grade" and if you need something that's scalable, and you care about production-related metrics (e.g. downtime) then you should consider to use the managed/licensed deployment

Author: phrasing inspired by posthog, but I think it's used widely enough

Reviewer: I was a bit baffled by it, maybe "free tier" or something?

Author: updated :) thanks

```
/bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/deepchecks/monitoring/main/deploy/deploy-oss.sh)"
```
This will automatically download the necessary dependencies and start the application locally.

> Installing our open source service is an excellent way for local usage, note however, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installing our open source service is an excellent way to try monitoring locally. Note however, 
```

that it won't scale to support real-time production usage.

Check out the full installation instructions for deepchecks monitoring [here](https://docs.deepchecks.com/monitoring/stable/installation/index.html). 

</details>

### 🏃‍♀️ Quickstarts

<details open>
   <summary>
      <h4>
         Deepchecks Testing Quickstart
      </h4>
   </summary>

> Jump straight over to the respective quickstart docs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jump right into the respective quickstart docs:
```

- [Tabular Quickstarts](https://docs.deepchecks.com/stable/tabular/auto_tutorials/quickstarts/index.html)
- [NLP Quickstarts](https://docs.deepchecks.com/stable/nlp/auto_tutorials/quickstarts/index.html)
- [Vision Quickstarts](https://docs.deepchecks.com/stable/vision/auto_tutorials/quickstarts/index.html) 

> to have it up and running on your data.

Reviewer: This is appended to the vision line

> You'll then be able to view all the chosen checks checks and inspect their status and results, 

Reviewer: Not clear when is "then"

with the visual output that looks like this:

<p align="center">

>    <img src="docs/source/_static/images/general/model_evaluation_suite.gif" width="800">

Reviewer: I know it's not new, but now that I'm looking at it, it looks low-res...

Author: I think I played a bit around with the gif configurations and chose that eventually, don't remember the exact considerations... though personally I think there are some advantages to it - it give the feeling of a high-level (visual) overview and it's ok that you can't really dive into the text, anyway it's not really possible. Also it looks more gif-y and less like a video which is nice.
Do you think worth redoing? (possible but if so I'll do it in a future PR after the launch. and then need to fix also the monitoring gif which is even more low-res).

</p>

</details>

<details open>
   <summary>
      <h4>
         Deepchecks Monitoring Quickstart
      </h4>
   </summary>

> Jump straight over to the 

Reviewer: I have an issue with "straight over" somehow :P

Author: :)

[monitoring quickstart docs](https://docs.deepchecks.com/monitoring/stable/user-guide/tabular/auto_quickstarts/plot_quickstart.html)
to have it up and running on your data.

You'll then be able to see the checks results over time, set alerts, and interact
with the dynamic deepchecks UI that looks like this:

<p align="center">

>    <img src="docs/source/_static/images/general/monitoring-app-ui.gif" width="800">

Reviewer: Not rendered in git, dunno if it works when building docs.

Reviewer: Previous gif did render so a bit suspicious

Author: try refreshing? (maybe internet connection cause it works for me)

</p>

</details>

<details open>
   <summary>
      <h4>
         Deepchecks CI & Testing Management Quickstart
      </h4>
   </summary>

Deepchecks managed CI & Testing management is currently in closed preview.
[Book a demo](https://deepchecks.com/book-demo/) for more information about the offering.

<p align="center">
   <img src="docs/source/_static/images/general/deepchecks-ci-checks.png" width="800">
</p>

For building and maintaining your own CI process while utilizing Deepchecks Testing for it,
check out our [docs for Using Deepchecks in CI/CD](https://docs.deepchecks.com/stable/general/usage/ci_cd.html).

</details>

## 📜 Open Source vs Paid 

> Deepchecks' projects (``deepchecks/deepchecks`` & ``deepchecks/monitoring``) are open source and are released under [AGPL 3.0](./LICENSE).

Reviewer: Make it clearer that THIS current repo (``deepchecks/deepchecks``) is 100% AGPL free forever.

Author: On purpose this readme doesn't distinct between the repos so it may be confusing to relate to that.
Did make the phrasing in the next sentence a bit direct.

Also wouldn't want to commit on that, in case we add in the future regulation-related checks that need a license (and are likely to be in deepchecks/deepchecks)
